https://codepen.io/zstack/pen/vYEEyPe?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Standard phrases and commands that give HTML meaning.

2. What is HTML used for? 
    Creating web pages.

3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
    Words added to tags to allow recall in css. They go within the tag.

4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    Main heading, probably only once.

5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    Id, class.

6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    Page title and navigation.

7. What is an id? 
    An attribute given to an element that can only be used for one element.

8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    Any, but it has to be unique.

9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
    Once.

10. What is a class?
    An attribute that can be given to multiple, similar elements.

11. What elements can I add a class to?
    Any that you want to be able to style identically.

12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    As many as you want.

13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    <a href="whatever.com" target="_blank">Blah</a>

14. What is the alt attribute used for?
    To set what a user will see if they can't see an image for some reason.

15. How do I reference an id?
    #id

16. What is the difference between a section and a div
     Sections group content with a single theme, div just seperates content to allow for easier styling.

17. What is CSS used for? 
     Styling html.

18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{}

19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    A class can be used on multiple elements that you will style identically. Id has to be unique. For example, you could use the same class attribute
     on multiple paragraphs that will all be styled the same, whereas id could be used on an h2 heading that you don't want styled the same as every other h2 heading.

20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .class

21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    <p class=human></p>
    .human

22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    A selector that allows you to target elements within elements. Such as paragraphs within a div.

23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a

24. What is a pseudo selector?
    Selects an element in a specified state.

25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    .example {line-height:10px;}

26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    .example {letter-spacing:10px;}

27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    .example {text-transform: uppercase/lowercase/Capitalize;}

28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {border: 1px dotted black;}

29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    * {}

30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* */

31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd

32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls 

33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm filename
    Once done, it can't be reversed.

34. Why should I use version control? 
    It allows you to go back to previous versions of your code, in case something goes wrong.

35. How often should I commit to github?
    After every working change.

36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin branch-name

37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Fork, add TL as collaborator, clone repo to local, create personal branch, do your work, add, commit, push to personal branch, create a new pull request.

Stretch Questions

1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    Block elements always start on a new line and can be full width. Inline elements do not start on new lines, and only use necessary width.

2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    It will position to the nearest positioned ancestor, or if there is not one then it will move with the viewport when scrolling.

3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    Use a span.

4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    Block: div, h1-6, p. Inline: span, a. Inline-block: img.

5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
    Box model is the set of rules that determines the sizes of elements in css as you adjust them. From inside out Content<Padding<Border<Margin. The problem being that padding and borers automatically
    add to the size of an element as it is interpreted by the browser, causing formatting to break. The fix is box-sizing: border-box, which includes the sizes for padding and borders within an elements width,
    meaning it will all equal up to the size you are aiming for, instead of going over and breaking.
